while out either internet people its bow
again so tonight we're going to talk
about Bernie and his supporters and
misunderstanding his supporters because
of something that came up during the
debates the nomination process came up
and I realized that the Democratic
establishment is grossly
misunderstanding Bernie's supporters to
get into that and to provide a real
clear comparison I'm gonna tell you them
up my views on food security I'm a huge
proponent of proactive measures when it
comes to food security I think that at
low income housing all of the
landscaping should be audible I think it
should be fruit trees and berry bushes
I think raised beds should be everywhere
I think when you walk around town and
you see those decorative trees and the
sidewalk that they should be fruit trees
I think that there should be a place
where people can go to get seeds and
compost and stuff like that I think that
if we're going to have a government this
expansive call me crazy it should
promote the general welfare I think that
was an idea that was tossed out at one
point that's my position
it's my actual position we don't have
any of that none of that's reality the
reality is we have EBT fine it's
compromise it's not what I want it's not
radical enough for me but sure okay
every once in a while I run into
somebody who's like we need to get rid
of all those programs I can't take it
anymore
I can't take it anymore fine do it
because frankly you don't have the
stones because I know that there's not a
country on this planet that is more than
three days worth of miss mills away from
revolution go for it go
for it starving the poor that's what you
do see how that works out for you and I
leave the conversation there's no sense
in continuing it because they don't have
the base of knowledge to to engage in it
so you have the position the radical
position you have the compromise and
then you have the extreme that you just
can't deal with those are three points
on this scale there are other points in
between but those are the three we're
gonna be talking about okay so how does
this relate to Bernie there are millions
of Americans who want deep systemic
change that whole radical ideas
proactive food security measures here's
the part that the Democratic Party does
not understand to them bernie is the
compromise he's EBT he's not the radical
position the Democratic Party doesn't
understand this the establishment
doesn't understand this because they
don't know their constituents they don't
talk to them anymore they talk to
lobbyists the idea that bernie is too
radical is kind of laughable on a lot of
levels so actual position bernie the
compromise and then Bloomberg as an
example
no point continuing the conversation the
reason this becomes important is because
of that bit about how the nomination is
conducted there's two ways that can go
if Bernie walks in and he does not have
the lead he doesn't have the massive
supporters he doesn't have the most
delegates he doesn't have a plurality of
support and the Democratic establishment
chooses to go with another candidate
most of them will still get a pretty big
chunk of Bernie's supporters not all of
them because some of them they're just
Trump light but many will look at it in
the sense of harm reduction this
candidate not radical enough for me not
even a decent compromise but better than
Trump that's how some of them will look
at it however if he walks in to that
convention and he has the lead and has
the most delegates and has a plurality
of support and the Democratic
establishment uses super-delegates or
some other means to take the nomination
from him and give it to somebody else
they will leave the conversation because
all that does is reinforce the idea that
there is no compromise we have to have
deep systemic change or nothing and they
will take it and they will look at it
and they will understand that if they
refuse to support whoever the candidate
is that more than likely will get four
more years of Trump and those four more
years of Trump because of his habit of
wanting to publicly punish the
marginalized for the humor of his base
will take those marginalize people and
radicalize them even further past the
compromise pass Bernie
that's how they'll look at it they'll
stay home now there's still a chance
that a lot of Democratic candidates can
beat Trump without their support but
remember they were certain they could in
2016 and when Bernie supporters on mass
went third party or just stayed home it
handed the election to Trump they will
do it again because to them Bernie is
the compromise not the radical position
that's that's the missing part that's
the part that the DNC just doesn't seem
to get the idea that the Democratic
establishment looks at Bernie and says
he's too far left he's too radical all
that shows is that the Democratic Party
has gone right hard bernie is not a
leftist he's not he's more left than a
lot of candidates but he's not a leftist
he's not a radical the radicals who
support him do so out of compromise and
I know there are people who are saying
so they'll stay home and they'll they'll
let those marginalize people just be
further victimized by Trump that's
coming from a position of privilege
that's ablest that's acceleration assal
of those things and they will do it just
because it's those things doesn't mean
that people aren't thinking that way
historically this scenario has played
out many times in the early 1900's in
Ireland the Irish Resistance brought the
British Empire to its knees and the
British one of the little compromise and
one group within the Irish resistance
like no that's too much we're not doing
it we're not giving up the north and
Civil War followed more recently it
happened in China the rulers didn't know
their constituents because they didn't
talk to him a group of young people who
wanted deep systemic change took to the
streets BAM
China's under martial law I don't think
it would get that serious this time
but if failure to even get to the
compromise continues yeah that's the
Rado to go it'll eventually head that
direction I don't think it's this
election or the next but that's the
direction it will head because as the
party that is supposed to be the
left-leaning party in the u.s. moves
further right understand the real
progressives the real radicals they
continue to progress and they come up
with new ideas that aren't being
embraced out of fear of appearing to be
to routable when at this point bernie is
really just advocating the stuff that
pretty much every other western nation
has it's not a radical and the
democratic party calling it that further
feeds people to the right
there are a whole bunch of people who
will take the opportunity to radicalize
the marginalized with four more years of
Trump over Bloomberg Trump light there
are a couple other candidates who could
probably count on getting some support
from Bernie from his supporters but not
many because he is the compromise not
the radical I think the best thing that
the Democratic Party could do during the
nomination is be democratic
I think anything other than that is
going to lead to issues anyway it's just
thought y'all have a good night